[typescript] Add `T` param to Matchers interface (#1620)
emotion-js/emotion: .changeset/mean-deers-confess.md

---
'jest-emotion': major
---

> Added the `T` parameter to the `Matchers` interface in the typescript definitions for jest-emotion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the `T` parameter to the `Matchers` interface in the TypeScript definitions to make this module compatible with `@types/jest@^24.0.20`.
```

Reviewer: I've wanted to commit this suggestion through GitHub interface - but seems like I don't have sufficient permissions to push to your fork.

You can check how to allow this for the future PRs here - https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/allowing-changes-to-a-pull-request-branch-created-from-a-fork . But at the moment just commit this suggestion with a click on a button.
